eduardo luis duhalde
in this world of alejo has taught how to make graffiti
then
1 high points
what we are going to do first is to select or take an image that
we want
graffiti in this case
we have to keep in mind that the dimensions that you have tried sounded
96th minute
they do not have to overcome in multiplication
the ten months since the 52 goals the urban family
since if they did it if passed, even if a veron
notwithstanding a common area of ​​the market
Being more than 14 loach
well, he looks at you in the image
we have
take to make it effective we open Correntinos 6 points in a day
before others do not have
and we start now
to shape it and all this on the margin so that it is transparent
good once open
extend the leg
also August
ten first we are not going to open it tapalpa
transparency tesla
they give them some land what we want
good for the sponsor
just late
we select everything controlled if you do not know
meditate and observe with that
with 12 to copy
archive
wolf commented
image of this case with the permanence
we wait with control
after this we do not do during the forum
i intimate right button
and capable
here you see how
control
true here that is very important we select the color blue
two of the goals five of
but from Dublin bbc the renfe
and in this
as they are
the same digits 2 40%
new zacapa
harry full
and fill
area
we had trained before as a goat transparency
this is because it is not your responsibility
the dark blue color
he recognizes it
transparent
select an image again as before controlled
and we copy it leads
we return to the previous image without having eliminated it or painted the applause
over with control v
behind this
image
endesa
and it increases very much the English as the essential sector if it was not no no
it worked
once this is done
the image would already be
for now
we approach
matter where but this is important as a png format
flatten image
now to find out if the blue color has really been approached as pure blue and
clean and
the largest county says as transparent
we focus on windows, recessed dialogs
inma palco
josé ramos horta 1
the only plan
and as we see is not he the blue trio that read
I had told them
it is not the pure then unifies it
click a lot of chemistry christmas
correctly
we got to this steel
like music but
we start over we put it at 40 with Brazil
and now we keep on top of the other that we have done
in this case legendary aspace is missing
and 4a
we win image
and now we can go out
here we have the second process image
download the goal
as months
and I give it
for what
we can have the head train
with chapters of his escape do colorectal
we enter here
to select the different image
i the image that we have already modified
flags of the world
then enter mustafa aid
i saved her musician
they put
the name of the film
since if we do not put the name
extra point and answer and Spain
we replace it with the same thing that we have in this case the one that occupies title at
I want to soak, let's continue
to see that the official
also
well in the whole mouth
Washington